stranger hello oh oh hello I can't see
your face behind they're not just
basically talking no who's maybe
cheating
this miss funny I've never been in a
bridge I there big stick again I'm just
airing out my tongue shake too much with
that mother okay thanks Tommy roughly
just roughly about your childhood
describe it describe it
hmm well it was as I know now it wasn't
a normal happy childhood but of course I
didn't know that at the time I was born
in India and place called quitter
then on to alla her bad and other places
in between did you stay long in these
places as long as my father was there
because in the army you're moved around
but yes because he was in the Indian
Army that's right he was a very strict
disciplinarian very strict and everybody
was in awe of him frightened of him when
you say everybody who do you mean by
everybody but the family the boys I mean
his word was law and you just had to be
you know couldn't do anything wrong we
were frightened of him did he used to
hit the boys yes but he did not the
girls yes he did when he was angry he
was angry he had a drink problem they
all all drank very heavily yes the way
of life he'd go to the mess after he'd
finished work and not come back until he
was you know plastered really mm-hmm and
then if something displeased him is that
was that when he'd take it our servants
everybody used to fly away yeah
scatter clearly do you think he had
affairs I didn't want to answer these
question I'm getting cross now dance
I've never I've never I've never asked
you that
TC had affairs he was that sort of a man
and then yes he did did you feel angry
towards him ever I hated him did you yes
I we all did so when did I can speak for
the others too I know they all hated him
I'm getting upset and we're silly and a
cup of tea no no no no when we were
children there were things that we
didn't need to know we as kids could
hear the grown-ups talking about
something and in a minute we happen to
come into the room it was all when he'd
come home from work that in the Arsenal
where we did for some time
a siren would go off five o'clock he
read siren yeah until we owned oh you
know the feeling of dread come on us and
we would hide